Grandma, I wish you all the best.
Grandma, I wish you a long life
We wish you a happy birthday thank you my big baby
Come, come, come, sit, all sit
Grandma, let me introduce you
And this is my cousin.
Grandma this is my girlfriend grandma hello hello yes
Then, grandma made it specially at this time
What happened to Jin Yan?
Jinyan
Jin Yan, call an ambulance
What's your trouble?
Are you crying? Is there something wrong?
I've been feeling so weak lately
It makes you sleepy.
Don't lie to me anymore
There is something wrong with your body.
But not a disease
Just tell me the truth
This way I can plan well
What to do in the days to come
Congratulations to Mrs. You for a miracle
Love twins
Twins, right?
That's not possible.
You have got to be kidding me.
How could it be? This is the inspection report.
The child is 8 weeks old
Very healthy.
I'm not dreaming
You are not dreaming
We did have children of our own
And they're twins
I think
This must be good luck brought to us by God.
Believe in love
It can create miracles in itself